PREVIOUSLY ON
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS..
HAVE A GOOD DAY.
HEY, IF YOU NEED
A PLACE TO STAY...
THERE'S AN OLD COUCH
IN MY BASEMENT.
MY MOM WILL NEVER KNOW.
Paige: WAS THERE A SECOND WATCH?
WAS ANYONE ELSE KEEPING TIME?
IT WAS A TIE, PAIGE.
YOU AND EMILY TIED.
YOU NEED TO BE HOME
WHERE YOU'RE SAFE.
YOU COULD CHAIN ME
TO THIS PORCH
AND I'D STILL NEVER
TOUCH YOU LIKE THAT AGAIN.
I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE WITH
MRS. POTTER'S HOUSEKEEPER.
MRS. POTTER HAD
A HEART ATTACK.
PAIGE?
I'M SORRY, EMILY.
I JUST WANTED YOU
TO KNOW THAT.
I THINK MAYBE
YOU'RE BEING FRAMED.
WHAT CHANGED YOUR MIND?
I THINK SOMEBODY MIGHT BE TRYING
TO DO THE SAME THING TO ME.
SO, THIS IS WHAT A REAL DATE
WITH EZRA FITZ LOOKS LIKE.
LEAD THE WAY.
Hanna: I GAVE YOUR MOM
THE MUSEUM TICKET.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
"A" HAS SOMETHING ON ME.
"A" HAS SOMETHING
ON ALL OF US, HANNA.
Hanna:
YOUR SISTER'S PREGNANT.
HOW'D THAT HAPPEN?
I FIGURE PRETTY MUCH
THE USUAL WAY.
IT'S NOT REALLY
A "HOW" QUESTION,
IT'S MORE OF
A "WHY" QUESTION.
WELL, I MEAN, I GUESS
MELISSA COULD HAVE GONE
ALL MATERNAL,
BUT I DOUBT IT.
THIS IS SO CREEPY.
WHERE ARE THEY NOW?
PHILADELPHIA. SHOPPING.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THIS MEANS?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT TOBY
WANTED US TO HAVE IT.
THERE.
IT'S IN BRAILLE,
SO...
YOU WANT TO SEE THIS, ARIA?
NO.
I CAN SEE JUST FINE
FROM HERE.
OKAY.
THE FIRST LETTER'S A "B."
"A." IT'S AN "A."
I THINK IT'S GONNA
TELL US WHO "A" IS.
"D."
B-A-D.
"BAD."
THAT'S THE WHOLE MESSAGE?
"BAD?"
WHAT'S IT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
Aria: IT MEANS
YOU GOT PUNKED.
TOBY DOESN'T TRUST US.
I DON'T BLAME HIM.
NO, I DON'T THINK
HE'D MESS WITH US
LIKE THIS.
YOU'D BE SURPRISED
WHAT PEOPLE ARE CAPABLE OF.
YOU GUYS, WE HAVE
TO FIGURE THIS OUT.
THIS MIGHT BE A JOKE,
BUT IT COULD BE SOMETHING REAL.
LOOK, EITHER WAY,
TOBY'S NOT THE ENEMY.
YOU KNOW WHAT, GUYS?
I'M GONNA GO.
WHAT WAS THAT
ALL ABOUT?
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
¶ GOT A SECRET,
CAN YOU KEEP IT ¶
¶ SWEAR THIS ONE
YOU'LL SAVE ¶
¶ BETTER LOCK IT
IN YOUR POCKET ¶
¶ TAKIN' THIS ONE
TO THE GRAVE ¶
¶ IF I SHOW YOU
THAT I KNOW YOU ¶
¶ WON'T TELL WHAT I SAID ¶
¶ 'CAUSE TWO CAN
GET THE SECRET ¶
¶ IF ONE OF THEM IS DEAD ¶
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
VERY MUCH.
WELL,
IT'S ALL WE HAVE.
THE REST IS GONE.
YOU KNOW, MOM, MRS. POTTER
DOESN'T NEED THAT MONEY ANYMORE.
NO, BUT WE CAN'T KEEP IT.
NO, NOT KEEP IT,
BUT I DON'T KNOW,
MAYBE WE COULD
GIVE IT TO SOMEBODY
WHO NEEDS IT.
I LOVE YOU FOR THINKING THAT,
BUT I JUST WANT
THIS NIGHTMARE TO BE OVER.
I'M PUTTING THE MONEY
BACK IN THE SAFE DEPOSIT BOX,
WHAT IS LEFT OF IT.
I'LL SEE YOU TONIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
BYE, MOM.
I LEFT A WAKEUP CALL
FOR NINE.
DO YOU WANT
SOMETHING TO EAT?
YOU MEAN THIS IS ONE OF THOSE
BASEMENT BREAKFAST PLACES?
I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG
WE CAN KEEP DOING THIS.
WELL, IT WON'T BE LONG.
YOU'D GO BACK TO
YOUR FOSTER PARENTS?
NOT A CHANCE.
BUT I'VE ALMOST SAVED UP ENOUGH
TO GET OUT TO ARIZONA.
I HAVE A FRIEND
IN FLAGSTAFF.
YOU GONNA MISS ME?
WELL, IT WAS NICE KNOWING
WHEN SOMETHING GOES BUMP
IN THE NIGHT, IT'S YOU.
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT
TO BE AFRAID OF?
( door opens )
( door closes )
FORGOT THIS.
HONEY? PUT ON GLOVES
IF YOU'RE GONNA DO THE DISHES.
( exhales ) RIGHT.
( chatter )
HEY.
I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE.
LAST NIGHT AFTER I LEFT
I FELT AWFUL.
I'M SORRY FOR WHAT I DID
AND--AND WHAT ALMOST HAPPENED.
I SHOULD HAVE
FIGURED IT OUT.
AT LEAST I SHOULD
HAVE LISTENED TO YOU.
YEAH, WELL,
IT WAS TERRIBLE, BUT...
ALL I COULD
THINK ABOUT WAS MY MOM.
I'M SORRY.
I WAS SO MEAN.
WELL, I HAD IT COMING.
NO.
I WAS THINKING--
"A" COULD HAVE GIVEN
THAT TICKET TO MY MOM,
BUT THEY MADE YOU DO IT
JUST TO MAKE IT HURT MORE.
I WANT TO SAY THAT
IT'S ALL "A's" FAULT,
BUT I'M THE ONE
WHO GAVE YOUR MOM
THAT TICKET...
AND I DON'T LIKE KNOWING
WHAT I'M CAPABLE OF.
YEAH, BUT YOU DIDN'T
GO THROUGH WITH IT.
OKAY? THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE.
IT WAS A SILENT AUCTION,
AND A PRIVATE BOOK SIGNING
AND COFFEE WITH THE AUTHOR.
I REALLY LIKED
HIS EARLY WORK,
THAT BOOK ABOUT
THE TEACHER IN NEWARK.
SO, DO YOU WANT COFFEE
WITH LEONARD ADAMS
AND AN AUTOGRAPHED BOOK?
COUNT ME IN.
WHAT WAS THE NAME
OF THE NEWARK BOOK?
LOOSE LEAF.
THAT WAS GOOD, WASN'T IT?
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU
COME WITH US, ELLA?
HOW MANY PEOPLE
CAN YOU BRING?
AS--AS MANY AS I WANT.
WELL, COME WITH US, ELLA.
ALL RIGHT, I WILL.
YOU KNOW, ARIA MIGHT
BE RIGHT ABOUT THIS.
TOBY DOES HAVE EVERY REASON
TO GIVE US A HARD TIME.
I SUPPOSE, BUT THAT'S JUST
NOT THE FEELING THAT I GOT
FROM TALKING TO HIM.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
YEAH, I DO.
HEY.
WHAT IS WITH YOU
AND THE ARTFUL DODGER?
WHO?
CALEB.
I THOUGHT THAT THING
AT THE SWIM MEET
WAS A ONE-OFF.
IT WAS.
WE JUST SAW YOU
TALKING TO HIM.
AND YOU GAVE HIM SOMETHING
THAT LOOKED LIKE
A WET OVEN MITT.
IT WAS HIS HAT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
WITH HIS HAT?
WHY SHOULDN'T I
HAVE HIS HAT?
HANNA, MAYBE YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR SOMETHING
A LITTLE EDGIER AFTER SEAN,
BUT THIS GUY IS DARK.
SPENCER,
HE'S NOT THAT DARK.
HE'S DARK ENOUGH.
WELL, HE'S NO ARTHUR DODGER,
WHOEVER THAT IS.
YEAH, HE'S JUST...
HAD IT TOUGH.
ARE YOU TWO ON
SPEAKING TERMS AGAIN?
'COURSE WE ARE.
YOU NEED TO BE
REALLY CAREFUL
ABOUT THAT GUY.
WELL, IT SEEMS TO ME
WE HAD THIS CONVERSATION
ONCE ABOUT TOBY.
I'M LOOKING FOR
COACH FULTON.
IS THE COACH
EXPECTING YOU?
THE COACH IS AVOIDING ME.
THAT'S WHAT THE COACH IS DOING.
ARE YOU A PARENT?
YES, I'M A PARENT.
NICK McCULLERS.
MY DAUGHTER
IS PAIGE McCULLERS.
I HAVE YOUR DAUGHTER
IN ENGLISH COMP.
I'M EZRA FITZ.
THE COACH.
WHY DON'T WE WALK DOWN
TO THE PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE
AND SEE IF WE CAN'T FIND
COACH FULTON?
I'VE SEEN THE PRINCIPAL,
AND ALL I GOT
WAS A LOT OF
POLITICALLY CORRECT
DOUBLE-TALK
ABOUT THE AGENDA IN THIS PLACE
THAT'S PENALIZING MY DAUGHTER,
TAKING OPPORTUNITIES
AWAY FROM HER
AND GIVING THEM TO SOMEONE
WHO DOESN'T DESERVE THEM!
EVERYBODY GETS
A FAIR CHANCE HERE,
MR. McCULLERS.
WE GO OUT OF OUR WAY
TO MAKE SURE THAT
THAT'S HOW IT WORKS.
MY GIRL IS
THE BEST SWIMMER
ON THAT TEAM,
AND YOU CAN'T GIVE IT
TO SOMEBODY JUST BECAUSE--
YOU'RE IN A CAFETERIA,
MR. McCULLERS,
FILLED WITH KIDS
TRYING TO HAVE LUNCH.
I DON'T THINK THAT'S
THE AUDIENCE YOU WANT, IS IT?
HELLO, MRS. MARIN.
I'M JAMES LELAND.
HAVE A SEAT, MR. LELAND.
I'M SORRY, MY REGULAR ASSISTANT
DIDN'T MAKE YOUR APPOINTMENT--
ALL I KNOW IS, YOU NEED
TO SPEAK TO AN OFFICER.
I'M ESTHER POTTER'S NEPHEW.
SHE DIED RECENTLY.
YES, I'M SORRY.
SHE WAS A LOYAL CUSTOMER.
I'D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT HER ACCOUNTS,
HER SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX.
UM...ACTUALLY,
WE WERE UNDER
THE IMPRESSION
MRS. POTTER HAD
NO LIVING RELATIVES.
SHE CERTAINLY WAS
THE LAST OF THE POTTERS.
BUT HER SISTER
MARRIED MY GRANDFATHER
UP IN SYRACUSE,
THAT'S WHERE I'M FROM.
I THINK TECHNICALLY
THAT MAKES ME A GREAT-NEPHEW.
YES.
WELL, THE STATE REVENUE AGENCY
WILL NEED TO SEE YOUR I.D.
BEFORE I CAN RELEASE
ANY INFORMATION
OR GIVE YOU ACCESS
TO THE SAFE DEPOSIT BOX.
I THOUGHT SO.
YEAH.
I BROUGHT COPIES.
OH...GOOD.
LELAND & DALEY?
YES,
WE'RE ARCHITECTS.
I WILL GET THESE
TO THE REVENUE AGENCY.
IT'S A LITTLE LATE IN THE DAY
TO EXPECT A RESPONSE.
I HAVE BUSINESS
IN THE AREA.
I'M HERE FOR
A FEW DAYS.
MY CELL NUMBER'S
ON THERE.
OF COURSE.
WERE YOU AND YOUR AUNT...
CLOSE?
FOR MOST OF MY LIFE
SHE WAS A BIRTHDAY CARD
WITH A $5 BILL IN IT.
BUT SHE NEVER
MISSED A BIRTHDAY.
I UNDERSTAND.
HOW ABOUT YOU? HOW WELL
DID YOU KNOW MY AUNT?
MY GREAT-AUNT.
OH.
SHE CAME IN ONCE A YEAR.
LIKE SANTA CLAUS.
HUH.
SHE WAS VERY SWEET.
WHEN I CALLED,
THEY TOLD ME
THAT YOU HAD SPOKEN TO HER
JUST BEFORE SHE DIED.
I'D LIKE TO KNOW
WHAT YOU THOUGHT OF HER.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I COULD TELL YOU.
WE COULD TALK ABOUT IT
OVER DRINKS.
I DON'T KNOW.
CONSIDER IT.
YOU'VE GOT THE NUMBER.
I WILL GET THESE
TO THE REVENUE OFFICE.
THANK YOU.
LISTEN, I DIDN'T KNOW
MY DAD WAS COMING.
HE WANTED TO KNOW
HOW SOMEBODY COULD BEAT ME.
IF I SLACKED OFF,
BUT I DIDN'T.
YOU KNOW I DIDN'T.
I TOLD HIM WE TIED
BUT YOU GOT THE SLOT.
BECAUSE I'M GAY?
NO.
I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
HE MUST HAVE ASKED AROUND.
BUT I DIDN'T TELL HIM.
I SWEAR.
I HAVE TO GO TO CLASS.
SO YOU CAN'T MAKE IT
TO ANY OF THE TEACHER
CONFERENCES?
I CAN DO THEM, I JUST NEED TO
RESCHEDULE THEM FOR TOMORROW.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO SEE
ALL OF THEM.
YOU SHOULD MEET
HER FRENCH TEACHER,
MR. CARINCI, AND--
OH, ARE YOU
GOING TO MEET EZRA?
EZRA?
EZRA FITZ,
HER ENGLISH TEACHER.
ARIA'S CRAZY ABOUT HIM,
AND I CAN SEE WHY.
HE'S VERY SMART,
HE'S ATTRACTIVE,
SENSITIVE.
DOES HE ALSO
PLAY GUITAR?
UH, NOT THAT I KNOW OF,
BUT HE DOES KNOW
HOW TO HANDLE A LOOSE CANNON.
TODAY NICK McCULLERS
SHOWED UP.
McCULLERS.
FROM THE LIBRARY BOARD?
THE SAME ONE,
WITH THE VERY SAME PARANOIA.
HE WAS ABOUT TO LAUNCH
INTO THE GAY AGENDA
RIGHT THERE
IN THE CAFETERIA.
EZRA TOTALLY
CALMED THE WATERS,
COMPLETELY DEFUSED
THE SITUATION.
IT WAS SOMETHING TO SEE.
HMM. WELL, I'M SORRY
I MISSED THAT.
YOU SHOULD MEET HIM.
YOU'LL LIKE HIM.
I'M LATE.
LISTEN, ELLA.
I THOUGHT MAYBE WE COULD JUST
PICK UP FROM WHERE WE LEFT OFF.
MAYBE NEXT FRIDAY?
SURE.
UH, I CAN'T. I'M ACTUALLY
GOING TO A BOOK SIGNING
WITH EZRA. LEONARD ADAMS.
A-ADAMS? I THOUGHT
YOU HATED ADAMS.
I LIKED HIS EARLY STUFF.
RAIN CHECK?
YEAH, RAIN CHECK.
TOBY?
CAN I TALK TO YOU A SECOND?
I CAN'T TALK.
SOMETHING'S UP WITH THE D.A.
THE LAWYER'S DRIVING ME OVER
TO MY DAD'S OFFICE.
JUST TELL ME--
WAS THAT SUPPOSED
TO BE A JOKE?
WERE YOU JUST TRYING
TO GET BACK AT ME?
BECAUSE IF YOU WERE--
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
I'M TALKING ABOUT
WHAT I FOUND IN MY BOOK.
THE BRAILLE THAT
YOU WANTED ME TO HAVE.
THAT WAS NO JOKE.
"BAD"?
THE WHOLE MESSAGE WAS "BAD."
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
AM I SUPPOSED TO GO BUY
AN OLD MICHAEL JACKSON ALBUM?
YOU'RE READING IT WRONG.
I CAN'T DO THIS NOW.
COME BACK SATURDAY
IN THE MORNING.
JENNA'S OUT AT
HER FLUTE LESSON.
I THINK YOU'RE TAKING
A BIG CHANCE WITH THIS GUY.
I AM A VERY GOOD
JUDGE OF CHARACTER.
IS THAT WHY YOU FIXED ARIA UP
WITH AN OLD CON?
AN OLD CON WHO HAD
EVERYONE FOOLED.
MAYBE CALEB IS THE SAME.
IT'S...ONLY HANNA.
I WASN'T ASKING YOU WHO
YOU WERE ON THE PHONE WITH.
DO YOU WANT
THE LAST BIT OF COBBLER?
I CAN BRING IT UP FOR YOU.
NO, THANKS.
OKAY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"ONLY HANNA?"
IT'S MY MOM.
THINGS ARE STILL
SUB-ZERO AROUND HERE.
DID YOU TELL HER ABOUT
PAIGE'S DAD COMING TO SCHOOL?
NO POINT.
SHE'LL SAY IT'S MY FAULT
FOR CHOOSING
A DISGUSTING LIFESTYLE.
PAIGE IS SUCH A KNOB.
I DON'T THINK
IT'S ALL HER FAULT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT'S GOING ON
BETWEEN YOU AND ARIA?
IT'S NOTHING
YOU HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT.
YOU WERE SNARKING
AT EACH OTHER
LIKE YOU WERE ON
A REALITY SHOW.
"THE REAL TEENS
OF ROSEWOOD."
OH, TELL ME ABOUT TOBY.
HE SAYS WE HAVE
WHAT HE WANTED US TO HAVE.
IT'S THE RIGHT MESSAGE,
I'M JUST READING IT WRONG.
HE WANTS ME TO
COME TO HIS HOUSE SATURDAY.
ARE YOU GOING?
IF I DON'T,
HOW ARE WE GONNA
FIGURE THIS OUT?
I'M SHUT OUT WITH
MELISSA AND IAN.
( sirens blare )
WHERE ARE YOU?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I'M RIGHT HERE.
( sirens )
ANY FIRE TRUCK
YOU CAN HEAR AT YOUR HOUSE
I CAN HEAR AT MINE.
OH, MY GOD--
ARE YOU IN HIS APARTMENT?
ARE YOU ON THE BED?
NO. I'M NOT ON THE BED.
IS HE THERE?
N-NOT EXACTLY.
IS HE TAKING A SHOWER?
HE'S GETTING
TAKE-OUT FOR DINNER.
AND THIS CALL'S BECOMING
VERY 1-900.
"TO TALK TO A HOT
ENGLISH TEACHER, PRESS 3."
CALL ENDING NOW.
TOMORROW?
YEAH, TOMORROW.
HEY.
HI THERE.
SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG.
IT'S OKAY.
LOOKS LIKE
ROSE OF SHARON
HAS BEEN DISCOVERED.
BIG CROWD
AT THE TAKE-OUT COUNTER.
I MEET YOUR DAD TOMORROW.
I KNOW.
I WAS THINKING
THIS IS GONNA BE
A BIT MORE COMPLEX
THAN THE USUAL
PARENT-TEACHER DISCUSSION.
I MEAN, I CAN SEE
YOUR MOM'S A COLLEAGUE,
SHE'S SAFE.
BUT YOUR DAD IS YOUR DAD.
WHICH IS COMPLEX.
YOU WILL LIKE HIM,
HE'LL LIKE YOU.
JUST BE YOUR NORMAL
INCREDIBLE SELF.
WHAT IS HE AFTER?
HE'S PROBABLY
JUST WHAT HE SAYS HE IS--
A NEPHEW CLEANING UP
AFTER A DISTANT RELATIVE.
"PROBABLY"?
I'LL KNOW MORE AFTER
THE SECOND MARTINI.
( doorbell rings )
HELLO.
CALEB. WOW.
HELLO, MRS. MARIN.
HANNA THOUGHT IT WAS
ABOUT TIME YOU AND ME MET.
I DID?
I DID. UM...
MOM, THIS IS CALEB.
RIVERS.
NICE TO MEET YOU, CALEB.
MRS. MARIN,
YOU HAVE A LOVELY HOME...
FROM WHAT I'VE SEEN OF IT.
CALEB IS NEW TO
ROSEWOOD THIS YEAR.
THEY BROUGHT ME IN
TO CLASS THE PLACE UP.
I SEE.
HANNA, CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND?
IS HE SOME SORT OF
REBOUND FROM SEAN?
WHAT?! NO.
I DON'T WANT YOU
ALONE WITH HIM IN THE HOUSE.
GO OUT. IF YOU'RE GONNA STUDY,
GO TO THE LIBRARY.
YOU LET ME STUDY HERE
WITH SEAN.
WELL, I KNEW SEAN.
SEAN WAS A MINISTER'S SON.
SEAN CALLED YOU
"HANNA BANANA."
( doorbell rings )
I'LL GET THAT
FOR YOU.
HUH.
HI.
HELLO. I'M LOOKING
FOR MRS. MARIN.
COME ON IN.
SHE'S IN THE KITCHEN
WITH HANNA.
HANNA...?
HER DAUGHTER.
ARE YOU HER SON?
NO. I'M JUST THE GUY
WHO OPENS THE DOOR.
Ella:
MR. LELAND,
THIS IS MY DAUGHTER HANNA.
HELLO.
HELLO, HANNA.
OH, I FORGOT TO GET
YOUR SIGNATURE ON THIS.
IT'S JUST PART OF
AUTHORIZING YOU
TO LOOK AT
THE SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX.
SURE.
THANK YOU.
OKAY.
UM...
I WON'T BE LATE.
OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
COMING TO THE FRONT DOOR
LIKE THAT?
I THOUGHT IT WAS
A BETTER WAY TO MEET YOUR MOM
THAN HER TRIPPING OVER ME
BEHIND THE FURNACE.
YEAH, BUT JUST
KNOCKING ON THE DOOR?
WHY COULDN'T YOU
ASK ME?
YOU WOULD HAVE SAID NO?
MY MOM THINKS
YOU'RE TROUBLE.
AND YOU DON'T LIKE
HER NEW BOYFRIEND.
HE'S NOT HER BOYFRIEND.
HE'S A CUSTOMER AT THE BANK.
SOME ARCHITECT FROM SYRACUSE.
REALLY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN "REALLY"?
HE HAD A CRAPPY
PLASTIC PEN.
SO?
SO, ARCHITECTS
DRAW FOR A LIVING.
THEY TEND TO BE PEN SNOBS,
STRICTLY MONT BLANC
AND BEYOND.
WHY DOES HE CREEP YOU OUT?
HE DOESN'T CREEP ME OUT.
YES, HE DOES. YOU GET
A BAD VIBE FROM THE GUY.
IT'S COMPLICATED.
TELL ME.
I LIKE COMPLICATED.
ARI DOES A GREAT DEAL
OF INDEPENDENT READING.
YOU CAN SEE SHE'S EXCITED
BY THE IDEA OF FICTION.
IT'S ONE OF THE THINGS THAT
MAKES HER SUCH A GOOD STUDENT.
SO YOU'RE TAKING MY WIFE OUT.
UH--SORRY?
WELL, YOU'RE GOING OUT
WITH MY WIFE...
TO SOME BOOK EVENT?
RIGHT, RIGHT.
THE BOOK SIGNING NEXT WEEK.
IT'S AN EVENT FOR AN AUTHOR
WE BOTH LIKE, LEONARD ADAMS.
LEONARD ADAMS.
DO YOU--
DO YOU THINK HE'S GOOD?
I LIKE SOME OF HIS STUFF
VERY MUCH.
ELLA'S A FAN, TOO.
WELL, I THINK
HE'S A FAKE.
VERY OVERRATED.
HE HAS HIS CRITICS.
HE CERTAINLY WOULDN'T FIT IN
TO WHAT I'M TRYING TO DO
WITH ARIA'S CLASS.
IS HE REALLY YOUR IDEA
OF A GOOD WRITER?
WELL--I LIKE A LOT OF WRITERS
FOR A LOT OF DIFFERENT REASONS.
HMM. ( laughs )
YEAH.
ELLA USED TO HATE HIM.
I MEAN, I CAN REMEMBER
SHE THREW HIS LATEST NOVEL
CLEAR ACROSS OUR BEDROOM.
SHE WAS SO ANGRY.
BUT, UH, LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'VE TURNED HER AROUND.
HOW'D YOU MANAGE
TO DO THAT?
A...SILENT AUCTION.
FOR CHARITY.
WHEN ARE YOU
SUPPOSED TO SEE TOBY?
TOMORROW, WHILE JENNA'S
AT HER MUSIC LESSON.
TAKE IT.
NO.
NO, YOU TAKE IT.
THE STORM HAS PASSED.
WHAT WAS GOING ON
WITH YOU TWO?
OKAY, SO, YOU KNOW HOW
I WENT TO THAT MUSEUM
WITH EZRA?
WELL, "A" TRIED TO GET HANNA
TO RUIN IT.
RUIN IT HOW?
"A" GAVE ME ANOTHER TICKET
AND MADE ME GIVE IT
TO ARIA'S MOM.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL US
WHAT WAS HAPPENING?
WELL, I TRIED TO STOP IT.
I MEAN, HER MOM'S CAR
DIDN'T JUST STALL.
CALEB FIXED IT
TO KEEP FROM GETTING THERE,
AND THAT'S WHY I OWE HIM.
YEAH, AND HE'S THE ONE
WHO'S BEEN BREAKING INTO
VENDING MACHINES AT SCHOOL.
I MEAN, HE'S PRACTICALLY
LIVING THERE.
IN SCHOOL?
Hanna: THEY FOUND HIS STUFF,
SO HE'S NOT SLEEPING THERE
ANYMORE.
HE'S SLEEPING
IN MY BASEMENT.
WAIT. REWIND THAT
A LITTLE FOR ME.
DOES YOUR MOM KNOW?
NO, BUT--
IT'S JUST FOR
A COUPLE OF NIGHTS.
A COUPLE OF NIGHTS?
ARE YOU CRAZY?
GUYS.
Saleswoman: OH, WOW.
HOLD ON. TURN AROUND.
IT FITS PERFECTLY.
LET ME JUST PULL THIS OVER IT.
THE LENGTH
LOOKS GREAT.
I WANT IT TO BE PERFECT.
HE LIKES LACE.
I'M NOT MISINTERPRETING.
I'M TELLING YOU,
YOUR DAD CAME IN THERE
LIKE HE WANTED TO CHOP ME OFF
AT THE KNEES.
AND I'M TELLING YOU
THAT'S NOT MY DAD.
I RECOGNIZED HIM
FROM THE PICTURE YOU SHOWED ME
OF EVERYBODY ON THE GLACIER.
I'M SERIOUS.
SO AM I.
I'M TRYING TO ACT LIKE I'M NOT
IN LOVE WITH HIS DAUGHTER,
AND HE'S ACTING LIKE
HE WANTS TO CHALLENGE ME
TO A DUEL
OVER YOUR MOTHER.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I DO.
HE HATES ME.
HE DOESN'T HATE YOU.
HE HATES ME--
OR HE'S CRAZY.
NO, HE DOES NOT HATE YOU.
HE COULDN'T.
THEN HE'S CRAZY.
PAM.
OH, HEY, ELLA.
HOW ARE YOU?
I'M OKAY.
I WAS GONNA CALL YOU.
BUT THEN I SAW YOU WERE
COMING IN
FOR THE PARENT-TEACHER
CONFERENCES.
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT THE SCHOOL
IS NOT GONNA BE BULLIED
BY NICK McCULLERS.
EVERYBODY HERE
LOVES EMILY.
WHAT ABOUT NICK McCULLERS?
UH, WELL, HE CAME IN
MAKING A BIG DEAL
ABOUT HOW HE THINKS EMILY'S
GETTING SPECIAL TREATMENT
BECAUSE SHE'S GAY.
EVERYBODY KNOWS
EMILY'S THE BETTER SWIMMER.
EXCEPT McCULLERS.
HE CAME HERE TO SCHOOL
AND SAID THAT?
IN FRONT OF EVERYONE.
STUDENTS, TEACHERS.
WAS EMILY THERE?
SHE WAS.
HELLO?
( hinges creak )
( lullaby plays )
YOU BETTER PUT THAT BACK.
PUT IT BACK WHERE YOU GOT IT
OR SHE'LL KNOW YOU WERE IN HERE.
I'M SORRY. I KNOCKED.
THE DOOR WAS OPEN.
I HEARD YOU,
BUT I COULDN'T ANSWER THE DOOR.
I WAS ON THE PHONE.
MY LAWYER CALLED.
THE D.A. IS DROPPING
THE CHARGES AGAINST ME.
THEY'RE NOT GONNA CHARGE YOU
WITH KILLING ALISON?
I DIDN'T GET THE DETAILS,
BUT HE SAID
THE BLOOD EVIDENCE
WAS CORRUPTED.
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY
CAN'T GO TO TRIAL
WITHOUT IT.
THEY'RE FINISHED WITH YOU?
NOT FINISHED.
THEY CAN CHARGE ME
ANYTIME THEY FIND
NEW EVIDENCE. BUT...
FOR RIGHT NOW,
I'M FREE,
ONCE I GET
THIS BALL AND CHAIN
OFF MY LEG.
I'M WAITING FOR MY DAD
TO TAKE ME TO THE COURTHOUSE
FOR THAT.
I COULD DRIVE YOU.
IF YOU WANT ME TO.
SO, YOUR MOM DIDN'T BELIEVE YOU
WHEN YOU SAID LELAND WAS SHADY.
YOU DON'T SOUND
VERY SURPRISED.
I'M USED TO THAT,
THAT'S WHY I CALLED
SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY.
TALKED TO A NICE LADY
AT THE SCHOOL OF ARCHITECTURE
ABOUT HOW I WAS
THINKING OF APPLYING
AND DID SHE KNOW
A LOCAL GUY NAMED JAMES LELAND.
YOU JUST CALLED UP
AND ASKED?
PEOPLE LOVE TO TALK.
AND GUESS WHAT?
JAMES LELAND WENT TO S.U.
AND OPENED AN OFFICE IN TOWN.
SEE? HE'S LEGIT.
YEAH.
HE WAS A PRETTY GOOD
ARCHITECT...
RIGHT UP UNTIL
HE DROPPED DEAD
TWO YEARS AGO.
INTRODUCING
JAMES LELAND.
WAIT--MY MOM SAID
HIS I.D. CHECKED OUT.
RIGHT. YOU ASK A COMPUTER
"IS JAMES LELAND RELATED
TO THIS POTTER LADY?"
THE COMPUTER SAYS YES.
BUT YOU DIDN'T ASK
IF JAMES LELAND WAS STILL ALIVE.
KNOWING THE RIGHT QUESTIONS
IS BETTER THAN HAVING
ALL THE RIGHT ANSWERS.
TOBY?
MR. DUGAN CALLED
WITH THE GOOD NEWS.
DID YOU HEAR?
HE TOLD ME.
WE CAN GET THAT AWFUL THING
OFF YOUR LEG RIGHT NOW.
THE CAB'S WAITING.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT...
I'VE GOT A RIDE.
EMILY.
NO, IT'S ME.
SPENCER.
IT'S REALLY VERY NICE OF YOU,
BUT I'M HERE NOW.
I'M GOING WITH SPENCER.
I SEE.
HANNA, THE MAN'S I.D.
CHECKED OUT.
IT CHECKED OUT
BECAUSE THERE WAS A JAMES LELAND
RELATED TO MRS. POTTER.
BUT THIS ISN'T HIM.
THIS IS SOMEBODY ELSE.
IF I TELL THE STATE PEOPLE
SOME STORY ABOUT THE MAN
BEING AN IMPOSTER,
IT'LL JUST DRAW ATTENTION,
WHICH WE DO NOT WANT.
WELL, WE HAVE TO
DO SOMETHING.
I'M NOT DOING ANYTHING BASED ON
WHAT THIS BOY CALEB SAYS.
LELAND'S COMING TO THE BANK
THIS AFTERNOON,
I WILL SHOW HIM
THE SAFE DEPOSIT BOX.
AND...
WE WILL GO FROM THERE.
ALL RIGHT, WELL,
CALL ME WHEN HE LEAVES.
I WILL.
HEY. I THOUGHT YOU WERE
GONNA BE GONE ALL DAY.
UH, CHANGE OF PLANS.
GOOD. I'LL TAKE YOU AND MIKE
OUT FOR DINNER LATER.
OKAY?
HEY, DAD?
HOW WERE
THE PARENT-TEACHER MEETINGS?
OH, THEY WERE FINE.
YOU KNOW, I REALLY LIKE
THAT ONE TEACHER,
YOUR FRENCH TEACHER.
WELL, HOW DO YOU LIKE MR. FITZ?
HE WAS OKAY.
"OKAY"?
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN,
I'M GONNA TELL YOU THE TRUTH.
I THOUGHT
HE WAS A LIGHTWEIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, THERE'S JUST NOT
A LOT OF DEPTH THERE.
BOY, THAT'S...THAT'S FUNNY,
'CAUSE I LIKE HIM.
HE'S A GOOD TEACHER.
WELL, I CAN SEE WHY
HE'S A HIT WITH THE KIDS,
I MEAN,
HE'S A NICE-LOOKING GUY,
HE'S EASYGOING.
HE DOES THAT BOYISH SMILE THING
A LITTLE TOO MUCH,
BUT I FIGURE THAT MUST
WORK FOR HIM.
WHAT'S THAT THING ABOUT
JUDGING A BOOK BY ITS COVER?
WELL, SOMETIMES YOU CAN GET
A PRETTY GOOD IDEA WHAT'S INSIDE
BASED ON THE COVER.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
HE'S PUBLISHED.
ONLINE JOURNALS
AREN'T "PUBLISHED."
"PUBLISHED" IS INK AND PAPER.
WELL, YOU WERE WITH HIM
LIKE, WHAT, HALF AN HOUR?
I'M IN HIS CLASS EVERY DAY.
WELL, EVERY ENGLISH
DEPARTMENT HAS ONE--
FULL OF CHARM AND PROMISE.
IT'S--
LOOK, I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU--
AND YOUR MOTHER--
SEE MORE OF HIM THAN I DO,
BUT PERHAPS THAT'S WHY
I HAVE A CLEARER PERSPECTIVE.
WHAT'S MOM
HAVE TO DO WITH THIS?
WELL, SHE'S NOT IMMUNE
TO THAT KIND OF CHARM.
THIS BOOK SIGNING THING
HE'S TAKING HER TO...
THAT'S NOT JUST MOM.
HALF OF THE TEACHERS
IN THE ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
ARE GOING.
WELL...
LISTEN, WHEN MIKE COMES HOME,
WE'LL PICK A PLACE FOR DINNER.
THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS?
THREE THOUSAND,
TWO HUNDRED SEVENTY-FIVE.
IT'S FUNNY...
YOU DON'T HAVE EXPECTATIONS,
AND THEN YOU END UP
HAVING EXPECTATIONS.
THE FAMILY MYTH WAS THAT
AUNT ESTHER HAD A LOT OF CASH
SOCKED AWAY SOMEWHERE.
A LOT MORE THAN
THREE THOUSAND.
THE BANK DOESN'T ENCOURAGE
PEOPLE TO KEEP CASH
IN SAFE DEPOSIT BOXES.
SO, SHE SPOKE TO YOU
ABOUT KEEPING MONEY IN HERE?
NO. WE NEVER
TALKED ABOUT IT.
WHO ELSE BESIDES YOU
WOULD HAVE ACCESS
TO THIS BOX?
ANY OFFICER.
OF COURSE, YOU'D HAVE TO HAVE
THE CUSTOMER'S KEY,
OR THE MASTER,
LIKE I USED.
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
JUST THINKING.
WHERE DO YOU BANK, JAMES?
IN SYRACUSE?
WHERE DO I BANK?
YOUR PERSONAL ACCOUNTS,
BUSINESS ACCOUNTS.
WHAT'S THE NAME
OF YOUR BANK?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
THE RULES ON ACCESS
ARE THE SAME, INDUSTRY-WIDE.
CALL THEM AND ASK?
THEY HAVE SATURDAY HOURS,
DON'T THEY?
LIKE I SAID,
IT WAS JUST A FAMILY MYTH.
Boy: GREAT MEET, GUYS.
Girl: WAY TO GO, SHARKS!
COME HERE.
I DON'T NEED A RIDE.
MY CAR IS IN THE PARKING LOT.
NO, I NEED TO ASK YOU
A QUESTION.
I NEED TO KNOW SOMETHING
BEFORE I TALK TO THE SCHOOL.
TALK TO THE SCHOOL
ABOUT WHAT?
IS IT TRUE WHAT
ARIA'S MOM TOLD ME
ABOUT MR. McCULLERS
COMING TO THE SCHOOL
AND SAYING YOU GOT SOME KIND
OF PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT?
I DON'T WANT TO
TALK ABOUT IT.
EMILY, IS IT TRUE?
IS THIS TRUE? BECAUSE--
YEAH, IT'S TRUE.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
YOU REALLY DON'T KNOW
WHY I WOULDN'T TELL YOU?
IT'S BECAUSE I KNOW
WHAT YOU THINK OF ME.
I KNOW WHAT YOU'D SAY:
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHO I AM,
I BETTER GET USED TO PEOPLE
LOOKING AT ME
ONLY ONE WAY.
NICK.
HELLO, PAM.
WE NEED TO TALK.
I WAS WONDERING
WHEN I'D HEAR FROM YOU.
THIS ISN'T PERSONAL.
YOU DEAL WITH YOUR FAMILY
PROBLEMS ANY WAY THAT YOU WANT.
THIS IS ABOUT WHAT THE SCHOOL
IS DOING TO MY DAUGHTER.
( scoffs ) YEAH.
IT'S ABOUT YOUR DAUGHTER.
IT'S ABOUT YOU TRYING TO
MAKE HER INTO SOME KIND OF
PROFESSIONAL VICTIM
AND USING MY DAUGHTER TO DO IT.
I DIDN'T EXPECT YOU
TO UNDERSTAND.
OH, I UNDERSTAND.
I UNDERSTAND THAT
YOU ALWAYS THINKS THERE'S
SOMEONE ELSE TO BLAME
WHEN THINGS
DON'T GO YOUR WAY.
OKAY, YOU'RE UPSET--
NO, NOT YET.
BUT I'M GETTING THERE.
MY DAUGHTER
NEVER GOT ANYTHING
SHE DIDN'T EARN.
THAT'S HOW WE RAISED HER.
THAT IT WHO SHE IS.
SO YOU DROP THIS, NICK.
DROP IT, OR I'LL SHOW YOU
WHAT A REAL AGENDA LOOKS LIKE.
MOM.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I'M FINE. COME ON,
I'LL TAKE YOU HOME.
MY CAR'S IN THE LOT.
RIGHT. OKAY.
SO I'LL JUST MEET YOU AT HOME
WHEN YOU GET THERE.
MOM...
EMILY--
I STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND...
BUT I LOVE YOU.
YOU ARE MY CHILD,
AND NOBODY HURTS MY CHILD.
I'M SO SORRY IF I...
Spencer:
YOU COULD JUST KEEP GOING.
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANTED.
THEY COULD PULL ME BACK
WHENEVER THEY WANT.
ANYWAY...I DON'T LIKE RUNNING.
I'VE DONE TOO MUCH OF IT.
YOU COULD START
TO GET YOUR LIFE BACK.
I'M NOT SO SURE
I WANT IT BACK.
NOT THE WAY IT WAS.
I HAVE TO MAKE SOME CHANGES.
I FIGURED OUT
WHAT THE MESSAGE MEANS.
BRAILLE USES
THE SAME SYMBOLS
FOR LETTERS AND NUMBERS.
IT WASN'T B-A-D,
IT WAS THE NUMBER 2-1-4.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW.
TOBY.
I HEARD JENNA IN HER ROOM
ON THE PHONE
TALKING TO SOMEBODY.
I DON'T KNOW WHO...
BUT THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT YOU.
TALKING ABOUT ME?
JENNY USED THE EMBOSSER
ATTACHED TO HER COMPUTER,
AND I SLIPPED IN
AND MADE A RUBBING
OF WHAT SHE PRINTED OUT.
TWO-ONE-FOUR.
DOES THAT NUMBER
MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU?
IT COULD BE ANYTHING.
A HOUSE NUMBER,
AN AREA CODE--
WE HAVE TO FIGURE IT OUT,
FOR BOTH OUR SAKES.
ARE YOU AFRAID OF JENNA?
I WAS.
I STILL HAVE TO BE CAREFUL
NOT TO CROSS HER.
SHE'S GOT THE POWER
IN THAT HOUSE.
BUT...
I'M NOT AFRAID OF HER
THE WAY I USED TO BE.
THAT MAKES HER NERVOUS.
YOU MAKE HER
NERVOUS.
I DO?
I THINK
SHE'S AFRAID OF YOU,
AND THE REST
OF ALISON'S FRIENDS--
ALL OF YOU WHO WERE THERE
THE NIGHT OF THE FIRE.
LISTEN,
IT'S LIKE YOUR MOM SAID,
MY DAD IS ALWAYS LOOKING
FOR SOMEBODY TO BLAME.
I HAVE TO GO HOME.
MY MOM'S WAITING FOR ME.
RIGHT.
YOUR MOM'S WAITING.
GOD, WHY IS EVERYTHING
SO EASY FOR YOU?
EASY? WHAT PLANET
DO YOU LIVE ON?
I'VE SPENT MOST OF MY LIFE
TRYING NOT TO FEEL
THE WAY I FEEL.
I COME OUT, AND THEY SHIP
MY FIRST GIRLFRIEND OFF
TO GOD-KNOWS-WHERE,
AND NOW MAYBE
SHE'S DONE WITH ME.
SO, YEAH,
IT'S ALL ABOUT EMILY--
ALL EM, ALL THE TIME.
DON'T TELL.
HEY,
NOT ALL OF IT.
MY MOM WILL NOTICE.
TELL HER IT'S EVAPORATION.
WALK ME HOME?
UH, SO MAYBE YOUR MOM
WILL LET ME HANG AROUND
ON THE SURFACE NOW?
AND I THOUGHT YOU WERE IN
SUCH A HURRY TO GET TO ARIZONA.
ARIZONA WILL BE THERE
WHENEVER I DECIDE TO SHOW UP.
THANK YOU FOR TODAY.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
( doorbell rings )
ARE YOU "A"?
EXCUSE ME?
SOMEBODY CALLED FOR AN ESTIMATE.
SAID YOU HAD SOME KIND
OF INFESTATION IN YOUR BASEMENT.
ONLY NAME THEY LEFT
WAS "A." IS THAT YOU?
UH, NO. YOU HAVE
THE WRONG HOUSE.
( phone ringing )
( voicemail beeps )
MR. FITZ, THIS IS
BYRON MONTGOMERY,
ARIA'S DAD.
LOOK, I'M SORRY ABOUT
HOW OUR MEETING WENT.
I OWE YOU
A MAKE-GOOD ON THAT.
I'VE READ YOUR STORIES
AND I'D LIKE TO TALK TO YOU,
SO MAYBE WE COULD
HAVE A BEER?
GIVE ME A CALL, OKAY?
THANKS.
SO, YOU WANT
AN EGG ROLL?
SOUNDS GOOD.
¶ SOLVE ME ¶
¶ ALL MY PROBLEMS,
YOU CALL ME ¶
¶ LATE NIGHTS IN HARLEM
THE STREETS SPEAK ¶
¶ LIKE IT'S A STARLIT GHOST ¶
¶ ALWAYS ¶
¶ YOU'RE THROWING GLANCES
MY WAY ¶
¶ YOU LOOK AT ME
LIKE YOU COULD SAVE ME ¶
¶ YOU COULD, YOU KNOW ¶